# CS313HW2
Jashandeep Singh
CS313 
Prof. Fried
White Pages

Question 2:
Code from prefix.txt was used to help finish this question. First I created the cases for the operators. I used a bool to check if the char was an operator or not. In the bool there were four cases, “+”,”-”,”*”,”/” or addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division. If the chart is one of those four return true otherwise return false. Then I made the function that will convert from postfix to prefix and I called it postFixToPreFix. I created a stack of strings called s to hold the data. Then I used a for loop to iterate through the string post. Inside the for loop I have an if statement that checks if the statement is an operator. Next, I created a string op1 and set it to the top of the stack and then popped it. I repeated this with another string op2. Then, I made a temporary string which equals post[i] plus op2 plus op1 which will concatenate the operators and operands. Finally, I pushed a temporary string onto the stack. I also had an else statement that pushed 1 and post[i] onto the stack if the symbol is an operand. I then created a string answer and an if statement. If the stack s is empty add ans to the top of the stack and pop it form the stack and then I returned answer. In my main function I declared the string post and ask the user to input their post fix expression. I store that expression and make it a postfix expression using my postFixToPreFix function and returned 0.


Question 4:
	To answer this question I used the stack_linked_list.txt file and linkedlist_for_Stack.txt  and added to them. I created a function called listAll using a template which lists everything inside the stack called linkedStackType<Type>::listAll(). I used a for loop to iterate from the top to the end of the list. Inside the loop I cout the current nodes info. The other function I made was the set function which iterated through the stack and changes one of the values based on position called linkedStackType<Type>::set().  I set a nodetype *curr to the top of the stack. Then, I used a for loop which iterates through the stack and changes curr to any desired position. Finally, I set the element by pointing curr to info. In my main function I created a stack using the template for a stack from stack_linked_list. Then i used a for loop to push from 0 to 9 using the .push function. Next, I printed the stack using the listAll function I created. For part b of the assignment I used the .set function I made to set an element at the indexes 0 and 4 and printed the entire stack again.


Question 6:
	I also used the stack_linked_list.txt file and linkedlist_for_Stack.txt as well for this question. To start I used the built in reverse method and put a string called word inside of it. In the method I created a stack of chars called stack. Then, I used a for loop to push all the chars into the stack. Next, I used a while loop to pop and print from the stack. While the stack was not empty it would print out the top and pop it from the stack.  I then made a method to reverse the chuck norris called reverseJoke and used the argument string joke. I used istringstream ss to break up the words in the file and created a string called word. Then I used a while loop to check if the end of the file was reached and to read and reverse the string. Finally, in my main I used the jokes.txt file to get the text for the Chuck Norris joke. Then I used ifstream file to open the file and declared a string called joke. Finally I used a while loop with the reverseJoke method I created before inside of it the reverse the string.
